feat(combobox): add `requireOptionMatch` flag and MatchesOption validator (#1930)
ing-bank/lion: .changeset/soft-eagles-reply.md

---
'@lion/ui': patch
---

[combobox] Multiple improvements:

> - Allow unmatching values to be typed, with option `requireOptionMatch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow textbox values to be entered that do not match a listbox option, via `requireOptionMatch` flag.
```

> - Added an `IsMatchingAnOption` validator to check if the value is matching an option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an `MatchesOption` validator to check if the value is matching an option.
```
